what is on my phone supercharged easy to
sushi a 39 bringing guys the tutorial on
how to build the bunker that you guys
saw in my survival mode zombie beta
video or my first guest my nosy videos
so it's pretty straightforward pretty
easy so what you want to do is you want
to go 1 2 3 4 5 and you want to go 8 so
go right here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and then
we go 1 2 3 4 5 and hopefully if I did
my math right it should line up by 1
block here yes it did so now the next
step is to go down 1 2 so then you have
a total of 3 right here so 1 2 3 and
then you want to clear this out into a
big gigantic square so what we are going
to do is skip ahead and I will jump back
once I have this all cleared out for you
guys alright so this is what it should
look like after you're done just a big
open box and now what you want to do is
you want to go over here and you want to
clear out the middle block and what this
is going to be is going to be your
bunker where you will sit in shoot these
zombies and we come over to just like
that and then you want to take this out
this is where you're going to wear one
of your doors will be and then the other
thing you want to do is come over here
and throw down blocks so that you can
you know jump out if you need to the
other thing you want to do is throw
blocks up here on top and what this does
is say zombie jumps down here and he
comes and tries to tackle when you're
inside this bunker here he can only do
this and it makes it easier to shoot
them instead of trying to shoot them
when they're jumping around like that um
alright so now what you want to do is
come down inside this mugger right here
and boom boom boom boom round like that
and there we are coming around the
corner right here digging out this
bunker check this thing out
so I mean like I said it's pretty easy
nothing fancy I think we went three back
in depth I'm not totally sure I think
that's how it went but so I don't screw
up what we're going to do is we're going
to place door here and a door here and
the reason why we have this is shoot to
kill like you guys saw in the video he
was chilling out
over here shooting zombies and then Joel
and I were over here on the side
shooting zombies and his job was to run
out and collect all the stuff that was
dropped by the zombies and we just
provide him with cover fire and he were
just sitting here and then it also for
some reason we were getting zombies that
would spawn inside here or I don't
remember exactly what was happening but
we had this door just in case like
something went wrong and you know we
needed to protect ourselves so that's
just one thing that you guys should be
aware of for some reason it we had I'm
pretty sure we had zombies spawning in
there not totally sure but that door was
just added protection so basically what
you want to do is clear it out just like
this and you guys can put we had a
dragon thing if you guys would like to
see that leave a comment below I'll show
you guys how to build that but it was an
escape route so that the dragon came and
we could just bail down these stairs and
go into the safe room and dragon
couldn't hit us because it was so deep
and then we also had a quick escape
route in the back and if you guys want
to see that leave a comment below and
tell me to make that tutorial as well as
well as the dragon thing that we had
over here in the corner other than that
supercharged 39 is out hopefully you
guys enjoyed my first tutorial of
building a bunker I'll talk to you guys
later